Change the phrasing of call frequency and update the tags (#116)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F14b-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Format: `add i/NRIC n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER e/EMAIL a/ADDRESS c/CALL_FREQUENCY [t/TAG]…​`

> * The call frequency is measured in days and must be within 1 to 7 (i.e., within one week).

Reviewer: i think the other groups point on this was that its probably better to specify `a positive integer` even though we already said that it is in days, just to be clear
```suggestion
* The call frequency is measured in days and must be a positive integer less than or equal to 7 (e.g. 1, 2, ..., 7)
```

Author: okk, cos i am thinking like the range from 1 to 7 is more specified and alr implied that it should be positive integer, so i just keep the part only

Format: `edit INDEX/NRIC [i/NRIC] [n/NAME] [p/PHONE] [e/EMAIL] [a/ADDRESS] [c/CALL_FREQUENCY] [t/TAG]…​`

* Edits the elderly at the specified `INDEX` or `NRIC`. The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed person list. The index must be within the range of list shown and **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​
* The `NRIC` has to be a valid NRIC.
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* The existing values will be replaced with the new input values.
* When editing tags, the existing tags of the elderly will be removed i.e adding of tags is not cumulative.
* You can remove all the elderly’s tags by typing `t/` without
    specifying any tags after it.

Examples:

> *  `edit 1 i/S8340008J p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` Edits the phone number and email address of the 1st elderly shown in the list to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.

Reviewer 2: I think this should edit the nric of the elderly too?

Author: Yes, let me add the NRIC too

*  `edit S6878830G n/Betsy Crower t/` Edits the name of the elderly with NRIC `S6878830G` to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing tags.

> ### Locating elderly by name or nric: `find`

Reviewer 2: Might want to change this header too if you're changing it to and.

*  `edit 1 i/S8340008J p/91234567 e/johndoe@example.com` Edits the NRIC, phone number and email address of the 1st elderly shown in the list to be `91234567` and `johndoe@example.com` respectively.
*  `edit S6878830G n/Betsy Crower t/` Edits the name of the elderly with NRIC `S6878830G` to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing tags.

### Locating elderly by name and/or nric: `find`

Finds all elderly whose names or nric contain any of the given keywords.

Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

* The search is case-insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`

> * Only the name and/or nric is searched.

Reviewer: i think locating elderly by name and/or nric sounds ok cuz that is like the intention of the command

but the `Only the name and/or nric is searched.` more has to do with what the code actually does, and it searches both name AND nric, not really and/or, maybe `only the name and nric are searched` sounds better

* The search is case-insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`

> * Only the name or nric is searched.

Reviewer: Technically its more accurate to say `and`, cuz both are searched at the same time, like even if you do `find S9999999F` and someones name is somehow `S9999999F`, it will still match

Anyways, maybe to be super clear, can say
```suggestion
* Only the `NAME` and `NRIC` of an elderly are searched.
```

Author: Is it better to remove of an elderly, because we can search NRIC of person A and name of person B at the same time.
I put 'or' because like we can search nric / name / nric and name so either one works, but like maybe 'and' makes more sense when user reads

Reviewer 3: I think it should be and/or instead

Author: Ya, this is more apprioriate
